docs(mesh) Add docs for mesh RBAC for new policies (#4664)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/mesh/features/rbac.md

```
{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab `targetRef` selectors %}
For policies using `targetRef` selector. You can specify which `targetRef` kinds users should have access to.

{% navtabs %}
{% navtab Kubernetes %}
```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: AccessRole
metadata:
  name: role-1
spec:
  rules:
  - types: ["MeshTrafficPermission", "MeshTrace", "MeshAccessLog"] # list of types to which access is granted. If empty, then access is granted to all types
    names: ["res-1"] # list of allowed names of types to which access is granted. If empty, then access is granted to resources regardless of the name.

>     mesh: default # Mesh within which the access to resources is granted. It can only be used with the Mesh-scoped resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    mesh: default # Grants access to the resources in the named mesh. It can only be used with the mesh-scoped resources.
```

>     access: ["CREATE", "UPDATE", "DELETE"] # an action that is bound to a type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    access: ["CREATE", "UPDATE", "DELETE"] # The action bound to a type.
```

>     when: # a set of qualifiers to receive an access. Only one of them needs to be fulfilled to receive an access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    when: # A set of qualifiers to receive access. Only one of them needs to be fulfilled to receive access.
```

>     - tagetRef: # a condition on targetRef section in policies 2.0 (like MeshAccessLog or MeshTrace).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - tagetRef: # A condition on the targetRef section in policies 2.0 (like MeshAccessLog or MeshTrace).
```

        kind: MeshService
        name: backend
    - targetRef:
        kind: MeshSubset
        tags: 
        - name: k8s.kuma.io/namespace
          value: kuma-demo
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab Universal %}
```yaml
type: AccessRole
name: role-1
rules:

> - types: ["MeshTrafficPermission", "MeshTrace", "MeshAccessLog"] # list of types to which access is granted. If empty, then access is granted to all types

Reviewer: I think all the suggestions I had in the last tab above would apply to this tab as well.

Author: Updated second tab

  It's useful because the service owner of backend has the best knowledge what (`Timeout`, `HealthCheck`) should be applied when communicating with their service.
* Modify `TrafficTrace` or `ProxyTemplate` that matches backend service. This changes the configuration of data plane proxy that implements `backend` service.

{:.note}

> > **Note**: When giving users `UPDATE` permission, remember to add `UPDATE` permission to all selectors they can switch between. For example, if user have only access to `sources` selector, they won't be able to update policy with `destinations` selector or new `targetRef` selectors. Likewise, when a user has only access to `targetRef` kind `MeshService` they won't be able to update policy to use different `targetRef` kind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: When giving users `UPDATE` permission, remember to add `UPDATE` permission to all selectors they can switch between. For example, if a user only has access to `sources` selector, they won't be able to update policy with `destinations` selector or new `targetRef` selectors. Likewise, when a user only has access to `targetRef` kind `MeshService`, they won't be able to update the policy to use a different `targetRef` kind.
```

{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab `targetRef` selectors %}
{% navtabs %}
{% navtab Kubernetes %}

1.  Create a backend-owner Kubernetes user and configure kubectl:

    ```sh

>     $ mkdir -p /tmp/k8s-certs
>     $ cd /tmp/k8s-certs
>     $ openssl genrsa -out backend-owner.key 2048 # generate client key
>     $ openssl req -new -key backend-owner.key -subj "/CN=backend-owner" -out backend-owner.csr # generate client certificate request
>     $ CSR=$(cat backend-owner.csr | base64 | tr -d "\n") && echo "apiVersion: certificates.k8s.io/v1
>     kind: CertificateSigningRequest
>     metadata:
>       name: backend-owner
>     spec:
>       request: $CSR
>       signerName: kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-client
>       usages:
>       - client auth" | kubectl apply -f -
>     $ kubectl certificate approve backend-owner
>     $ kubectl get csr backend-owner -o jsonpath='{.status.certificate}'| base64 -d > backend-owner.crt
>     $ kubectl config set-credentials backend-owner \
>     --client-key=/tmp/k8s-certs/backend-owner.key \
>     --client-certificate=/tmp/k8s-certs/backend-owner.crt \
>     --embed-certs=true
>     $ kubectl config set-context backend-owner --cluster=YOUR_CLUSTER_NAME --user=backend-owner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    mkdir -p /tmp/k8s-certs
    cd /tmp/k8s-certs
    openssl genrsa -out backend-owner.key 2048 # generate client key
    openssl req -new -key backend-owner.key -subj "/CN=backend-owner" -out backend-owner.csr # generate client certificate request
    CSR=$(cat backend-owner.csr | base64 | tr -d "\n") && echo "apiVersion: certificates.k8s.io/v1
    kind: CertificateSigningRequest
    metadata:
      name: backend-owner
    spec:
      request: $CSR
      signerName: kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-client
      usages:
      - client auth" | kubectl apply -f -
    kubectl certificate approve backend-owner
    kubectl get csr backend-owner -o jsonpath='{.status.certificate}'| base64 -d > backend-owner.crt
    kubectl config set-credentials backend-owner \
    --client-key=/tmp/k8s-certs/backend-owner.key \
    --client-certificate=/tmp/k8s-certs/backend-owner.crt \
    --embed-certs=true
    kubectl config set-context backend-owner --cluster=YOUR_CLUSTER_NAME --user=backend-owner
```

    ```

1.  Create Kubernetes RBAC to allow backend-owner to manage all `TrafficPermission`:

    ```sh

>     $ echo "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    echo "
```

    ---
    apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
    kind: ClusterRole
    metadata:
      name: kuma-policy-management
    rules:
    - apiGroups:
      - kuma.io
      resources:
      - meshtrafficpermissions
      verbs:
      - get
      - list
      - watch
      - create
      - update
      - patch
      - delete
    ---
    apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
    kind: ClusterRoleBinding
    metadata:
      name: kuma-policy-management-backend-owner
    roleRef:
      apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
      kind: ClusterRole
      name: kuma-policy-management
    subjects:
    - kind: User
      name: backend-owner
      apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
    " | kubectl apply -f -
    ```

1.  Change default {{site.mesh_product_name}} RBAC to restrict access to resources by default:

    ```sh

>     $ echo "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    echo "
```

    apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
    kind: AccessRoleBinding
    metadata:
      name: default
    spec:
      subjects:
      - type: Group
        name: mesh-system:admin
      - type: Group
        name: system:masters
      - type: Group
        name: system:serviceaccounts:kube-system
      roles:
      - admin
    " | kubectl apply -f -
    ```

1.  Create an AccessRole to grant permissions to user `backend-owner` to modify `TrafficPermission` only for the backend service:

    ```sh

>     $ echo '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    echo '
```

    ---
    apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
    kind: AccessRole
    metadata:
      name: backend-owner
    spec:
      rules:
      - types: ["MeshTrafficPermission"]
        mesh: default
        access: ["CREATE", "UPDATE", "DELETE"]
        when:
        - targetRef:
            kind: MeshService
            name: backend
    ---
    apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
    kind: AccessRoleBinding
    metadata:
      name: backend-owners
    spec:
      subjects:
      - type: User
        name: backend-owner
      roles:
      - backend-owner
    ' | kubectl apply -f -
    ```

1.  Change the service to test user access:

    ```sh

>     $ kubectl config use-context backend-owner
>     $ echo "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kubectl config use-context backend-owner
    echo "
```

    apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
    kind: MeshTrafficPermission
    metadata:
      name: web-to-backend
      namespace: kong-mesh-system
      labels:
        kuma.io/mesh: default
    spec:
      targetRef:
        kind: MeshService
        name: backend
      from:
        - targetRef:
            kind: MeshService
            name: web
          default:
            action: ALLOW
    " | kubectl apply -f -
    # operation should succeed, access to backend service access is granted

>     $ echo "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    echo "
```

    apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
    kind: MeshTrafficPermission
    metadata:
      name: web-to-backend
      namespace: kong-mesh-system
      labels:
        kuma.io/mesh: default
    spec:
      targetRef:
        kind: MeshService
        name: not-backend # access to this service is not granted
      from:
        - targetRef:
            kind: MeshService
            name: web
          default:
            action: ALLOW
    " | kubectl apply -f -
    # operation should not succeed
    ```
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab Universal %}

{:.note}

> > **Note**: By default, all requests that originates from localhost are authenticated as user `admin` belonging to group `mesh-system:admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: By default, all requests that originate from localhost are authenticated as the `admin` user in the `mesh-system:admin` group.
```

> In order for this example to work you must either run the control plane with `KUMA_API_SERVER_AUTHN_LOCALHOST_IS_ADMIN` set to `false` or be accessing the control plane not via localhost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example to work, you must either run the control plane with `KUMA_API_SERVER_AUTHN_LOCALHOST_IS_ADMIN` set to `false` or access the control plane using a method other than localhost.
```

1.  Extract admin token and configure kumactl with admin:

    ```sh

>     $ export ADMIN_TOKEN=$(curl http://localhost:5681/global-secrets/admin-user-token | jq -r .data | base64 -d)
>     $ kumactl config control-planes add \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    export ADMIN_TOKEN=$(curl http://localhost:5681/global-secrets/admin-user-token | jq -r .data | base64 -d)
    kumactl config control-planes add \
```

    --name=cp-admin \
    --address=https://localhost:5682 \
    --skip-verify=true \
    --auth-type=tokens \
    --auth-conf token=$ADMIN_TOKEN
    ```

1.  Configure backend-owner:

    ```sh

>     $ export BACKEND_OWNER_TOKEN=$(kumactl generate user-token --valid-for=24h --name backend-owner)
>     $ kumactl config control-planes add \
>     --name=cp-backend-owner \
>     --address=https://localhost:5682 \
>     --skip-verify=true \
>     --auth-type=tokens \
>     --auth-conf token=$BACKEND_OWNER_TOKEN
>     $ kumactl config control-planes switch --name cp-admin # switch back to admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    export BACKEND_OWNER_TOKEN=$(kumactl generate user-token --valid-for=24h --name backend-owner)
    kumactl config control-planes add \
    --name=cp-backend-owner \
    --address=https://localhost:5682 \
    --skip-verify=true \
    --auth-type=tokens \
    --auth-conf token=$BACKEND_OWNER_TOKEN
    kumactl config control-planes switch --name cp-admin # switch back to admin
```

    ```

1.  Change default {{site.mesh_product_name}} RBAC to restrict access to resources by default:

    ```sh

>     $ echo "type: AccessRoleBinding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    echo "type: AccessRoleBinding
```

    name: default
    subjects:
    - type: Group
      name: mesh-system:admin
    roles:
    - admin" | kumactl apply -f -
    ```

> 1.  Create {{site.mesh_product_name}} RBAC to restrict backend-owner to only modify `TrafficPermission` for backend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Create {{site.mesh_product_name}} RBAC to only allow the backend-owner to modify `TrafficPermission` for backend:
```

    ```sh
    $ echo '
    type: AccessRole
    name: backend-owner
    rules:
    - types: ["MeshTrafficPermission"]
      mesh: default
      access: ["CREATE", "UPDATE", "DELETE"]
      when:
      - targetRef:
          kind: MeshService
          name: backend
    ' | kumactl apply -f -

>     $ echo '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    echo '
```

    type: AccessRoleBinding
    name: backend-owners
    subjects:
    - type: User
      name: backend-owner
    roles:
    - backend-owner' | kumactl apply -f -
    ```

1.  Change the user and test RBAC:

    ```sh

>     $ kumactl config control-planes switch --name cp-backend-owner
>     $ echo "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kumactl config control-planes switch --name cp-backend-owner
    echo "
```

    type: MeshTrafficPermission
    mesh: default
    name: web-to-backend
    spec:
      targetRef:
        kind: MeshService
        name: backend
      from:
        - targetRef:
            kind: MeshService
            name: web
          default:
            action: ALLOW
    " | kumactl apply -f -
    # this operation should succeed

>     $ echo "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    echo "
```
